# Industry Classification Benchmark (ICB)

[Industry Classification Benchmark (ICB)](https://www.ftserussell.com/data/industry-classification-benchmark-icb)

* Technology

It includes digital platform providers that generate revenue from advertising contents and derive subscription fees from
an advertiser. Disruptors leveraging “new” technology be placed in the Technology Industry. Rather, individual company
technology
applications and services will be reviewed as to the markets they serve. Examples include: companies that provide health
care, technology equipment, electronic entertainment (video games), e-retailers, and transaction processing service
companies.

* Telecommunications

Also included are manufacturers of telecommunication equipment and components.

* Health Care

Consists of companies that manufacture health care equipment and supplies or that provide health care-related services
such as lab services, in-home medical care and operate health care facilities. Also included are companies involved in
research, development and production of pharmaceuticals and biotechnology products, and medical marijuana producers.

* Financials

Other examples include mortgage/consumer/corporate financing, investment banking and brokerage, asset management and
custody, insurance, and Mortgage REITs.

* Real Estate

Also includes Equity REITs. Mortgage REITs are classified under Financials Industry.

* Consumer Discretionary

Contains companies that provide products and services directly to the consumers, and their purchasing habits are
**non-cyclical** in nature (discretionary). Includes companies that manufacture and distribute Household **durable**
goods,
apparel, home electronic devices, leisure equipment, and automotive and related parts. The services segment includes
hotels, restaurants, retail/e-retail, passenger transportation, and other leisure facilities. Also includes media
companies that engage in **entertainment** content creation and **traditional advertisement**. Excludes web-portal/hosts
that
generate revenue through advertisement, which are classified under Technology – Consumer Digital Services.

* Consumer Staples

Contains companies that provide products and services directly to the consumers, and their purchasing habits are
cyclical in nature (staples). Includes companies that manufacture, distribute, and/or retail food, beverages, and other
non-durable household goods. It also includes **drug-retailing companies** as well as agriculture, fishing, ranching and
milling companies.

* Industrials

Consists of companies engaged in manufacturing and distribution of **capital goods** and provider of business support
services. Includes aerospace, weapons/defense, commercial vehicles, construction materials, industrial machinery and
equipment manufacturers. The service segment includes **commercial transportation services**, business support,
maintenance
and **security services**, international trade, **transaction processing**, and diversified logistic support services.

* Basic Materials

Consists of companies that **extract or process raw materials**, and manufacturers of **semi-finished goods** such as
chemicals, textile, paper, forest products and related packaging products. Metals and minerals miners, metal alloy
producers, and metal fabricators are also included.

* Energy

Contains of companies that engage in energy extraction, process, and production activities and produce related energy
equipment. Includes both renewable and non-renewable energy companies. **Companies that primarily engages in
distribution
of energy are classified in Utilities Industry.**

* Utilities

Contains companies that **distributes electric, gas, and water**. Most companies in this industry are heavily affected by
government regulation. **Also includes companies that provide waste, recycle, and related environmental services.**